                        "Parenting"

He stood with his daughter and took in his surroundings. They had
just arrived at Euscail City's Red-Light district, aptly named
"Little Amsterdam". This was far across the other side of town
from their house, so this visit was a purposeful one.

"Daddy?" Little May asked.

"Yes, dear?" Yogi, the father, replied.

"Are you sure I'm old enough to visit these places? I heard that
you have to be a certain age to visit these establishments."

"You are sixteen, honey. You are plenty old enough to visit a
red-light district," Yogi replied with confidence. A confidence
which would later dissolve away completely as he got scolded
by his wife. But I think we're getting ahead of ourselves.

She nodded, still skeptical.

"The reason I'm taking you here today is for you to see all the
professions. You are sixteen and next year will start to have to
make decisions about your own future. I want you to choose a job
you really like."

"I told you already, I'd either be a nurse, or pursue something
in medicine."

"Yes, and that's super great, honey, but I'm letting you keep your
options open."

He grabbed her hand, and they walked together hand-in-hand.
They arrived at the top of the street. "This is Little Amsterdam,
my dear," Yogi said as they continued to walk.

After passing a Government-Subsidised Health clinic, for checking
of, you know, red-light district things, the shops, clubs, and
window stores started.

They first place they passed was called "Stranger Danger", luckily,
Yogi didn't go in.

"I've come here before in my younger years, May."

"I don't want to know that."

"Well I'm going to tell you about it anyway. But there are no jobs
here. Stranger Danger was a revolutionary idea when it first opened
back in 1990-something. Probably '95... or perhaps maybe '93? But it
was a completely unmanned store, with the exception of one attendant
collecting entry fee. There are two sides in this store, for man and
woman. That's it. Holes in the wall between, and people just get down
to business with each other. No strings attached."

"You're a horrible father."

"Ah, this next place..." Yogi continued, ignoring his child's remarks
completely, "... is called Jolene's. She was the owner, of course, and
was NOT on the menu, as I had found out the hard way, and had gotten
laughed at. I'm still a little pissed at myself for not realising that."

"So why are we here again?"

"Prostitution is a very respectable career, honey."

"Is a WHAT?" May shouted a little too loud, and many heads turned 
towards them. 

A kind, but clearly gay, man shouted from across the road, "Is this man
harrassing you, girl? Do you need any help?"

"This is my Dad," she replied, "we're fine. Thanks for your concern."

"You're into THAT," the gay replied, "I see."

"What do you mean-" Yogi covered her mouth before she could finish her
question.

"Just nod along, honey, try not to let them know you're 16. They might
do things to you," Yogi warned, "Things that I can't help or fix."

"Maybe this profession isn't for me, then!" May said, trying to convince
her father to go home. Or at least to go get dinner. Far away from here.

"We're only a hundred meters in, dear!"

"Maybe we've gone a hundred meters too FAR!"

Yogi twitched. Had he gone too far with this stuff? He's just trying
to be a good Dad and show her all the things that she'll eventually have
to experience anyway. With him here, she'll be safe... 100% safe.
'I just want the best for my child,' he thought. Although his wife
Kaitlyn would thinking incredibly differently.

"Oh here's my favourite... well, everyone's favourite!" Yogi said as
he pointed to the sign in front of the door. HONKA-HONKA WHOREHOUSE.
"It's been around for ages, May. This is the ORIGINAL whorehouse. The
first of the red-light district. We should go in!"

"WHAT!" May shouted, alarmed at the suggestion, "NO!"

They went in anyway.

"Sorry, threesome rooms are booked out until at least 1am," the lady
at the counter said as she eyed them down.

May scowled at the thought of fornication. She preferred that people just
do it with the people they're supposed to do it with. What was all this
new age hippie do-it-with-strangers shit her Dad was taking her to?

"We'll just be leaving now," Yogi said as he pulled May out of there.

"Thank God," May said, "Let's get dinner now."

"We're almost done the whole street, come on!"

"You're a horrible father."

"No I'm not," Yogi convinced himself, "I'm doing you a service."

"Fine."

They scurried as quickly as they could past the gay club, which had like
six people dressed in barely anything standing outside and calling customers.
One of them was laid down carefreely on the pavement. "Ugh," Yogi scowled
as he walked ever-so-slightly faster.

They stopped to catch their breath in front of the last shop of the red-
light district. A place called "The Grinch's Hut" famous for it's all
green interior, and furry green mattress, resembling The Grinch, I guess.

"Home to a variety of... everything you can think of, to be honest."
Yogi told his daughter. "Let's go in?"

"NO More!" May shouted. Again, looks were shot at them from a crowd
in the street. This time, no one said anything though.

"Fine, let's go meet your mum for dinner."


  To find out what Kaitlyn thought of this, please read
         "Parenting Part II"   releasing very soon.



(C) Story from TNCStories... copyright.

  Remark: All stories fictional and all characters fictional.

  
